This file contains fortran tricks and tips I have learned while working with
Obs Processing code at EMC.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Code Notes
----------
--ARRAYS--
Not specifying an array element defaults it to the first element.
e.g.) HDR_8 = HDR_8(1)

--BUFRLIB--
UFBINT call using "HDR_8(13), 9" means start with the 13th element of the
array and continue for 9 elements.


Compiler Options
----------------
-O
           Specifies whether to optimize code during compilation and, if so,
           at which level.  For each release of XL Fortran, -O enables the 
           level of optimization that represents the best combination of
           compilation speed and run-time performance.  If you need a specific 
           level of optimization, specify the appropriate numeric value.
           Currently, -O is equivalent to -O2.
-O2
           Performs a set of optimizations that are intended to offer
           improved performance w/o an unreasonable increase in time or
           storage that is required for compilation.
-qattr
           Specifies whether to produce the attribute component of the
           attribute and corss-reference section of the listing.
           Default: -qnoattr
-qcheck
           Checks each reference to an array element, array section, or
           character substring for correctness.  Out-of-bounds references are
           reported as severe errors if found at compile time and generate
           SIGTRAP signals at run time.
           Default: -qnocheck
-qextchk
           Sets up type-checking information for common blocks, procedure
           definitions, procedure references, and module data.  Later, the 
           linker can detect mismatches across compilation units by using
           this information.
           Default: -qnoextchk
-qflttrap[=suboptions]
           Determines what types of floating-point exception conditions to
           detect at run time.  The program receives a SIGTRAP signal when
           the corresponding exception occurs.
           Default: -qnoflttrap
-qinitauto[=hex_value] (e.g., FF)
           Initializes each byte or word (4 bytes) of storage for automatic
           vairables to a specific value, depending on the length of the
           hex_value.  This helps you to locate variables that are 
           referenced before being defined. For example, by using both the
           -qinitauto option to initialize REAL variables with a NaNS value
           and the -qflttrap option, it is possible to identify references to
           uninitialized REAL variables at run tieme.
           Default: -qnoinitauto.  If you specify -qinitauto w/o a hex_value,
                    the compiler initializes the value of each byte of 
                    automatic storage to zero. 
 
-qlist
           Specifies whether to produce the object section of hte listing.
           Default: -qnolist
-qmaxmem
           Limits the amount of memory that the compiler allocates while
           performing specific, memory-intensive optimizations to the 
           specified number of kilbytes.  A value of -1 allows optimization
           to take as much memory as it needs w/o checking for limits.
           Default: -qmaxmem=2048; -qmaxmem=-1 under -O3. 
-qsigtrap
           Installs xl_ _trce or a predefined or user-written trap handler in
           a main program.
           Default: No trap handler installed; program core dumps when a trap
                    instruction is executed.
-qsource
           Determines whether to produce the source section of the listing.
           Default: -qnosource
-qsuffix
           Specifies the source-file suffix on the command line instead of in
           the xlf.cfg file.  This options saves time for the user by 
           permitting files to be used as named w/ minimal makefile 
           modifications and removes the risk of problems associated w/
           modifying the xlf.cfg file.  Only one setting is supported at any
           one time for any particular file type.

-qxlf77
           Provides backward compatibility w/ the language from XL Fortran
           Versions 1 and 2 of aspects of language semantics and I/) data
           format that have changed.  Most of these changes are required by 
           the Fortran 90 standard.
           Default: Default suboptions are blankpad, nogedit77, nointarg,
                    nointxor, leadzero, nooldboz, nopersistent, and 
                    nosofteof for the xlf90, xlf90_r, xlf90_r7, xlf95, xlf95_r,
                    and the xlf95_r7 commands and are the exact opposite for
                    the xlf, xlf_r, xlf_r7, and f77 commands.
-qxref
           Determines whether to produce the cross-reference component of
           the attribute and cross-reference section of the listing.
           Default: -qnoxref
